The Marinid
Nickname: Javus
TW: this is a bit outdated

he/him

lore:
- he was found by a group of scavengers in outskirts (while he was still a baby), and he was taken by the scavengers and raised.
- he was in a strict tribe, and he was out on a expedition with his group he was assigned to, until they were going past large, hot pipes.
a vulture sprang out from the sky, slamming into the ground. he was freightened by it landing so close, and he knocked himself
into one of the large hot pipes, causing the weak pipe to burst open and the heavy pressure and heat caused a majority of his face
to get burned and mangled. he survived by falling into a pipe below him and was able to make it back to where his tribe resided.
javus hated how he looked whenever he looked at himself into the water, and scavengers ran away in fear seeing him,
he hated on how he looked and the cause of the burn mark. so he grabbed a vulture mask and strung it together, and wore it, only
taking it off when he felt safe enough to.

if he was put into a mod for SOME reason:
- Description: "a dangerous foe to all from the outside, but was saved by an unexplainable force. this path is one of rebirth, and hatred."
- He would start in Barren Railways.
- his special ability would be able to craft javellin's (hence the name, javus)
- his passive would be to have the ability to aim his spears/javellins
- his javellins you would have to hold the throw button to charge (or else it would be a weak throw), and it would be able to travel further and deal 3.25 damage, but would use 2 hands to hold, he can hold a javellin on his back
(if he doesnt have a javellin, he can also hold 2 spears on his back)
- the downside is that javellins only have 1 use, and due to him falling on his head during the vulture attack, rooms in the map may be
forgotten (erased till you explore them again), and some animals may not be as they seem. (as in, they would seem misplaced.)
- javus's goal is to return back to his normal appearance, so he doesnt look like a "monster" anymore.
- when you get to five pebbles: "im getting heavily annoyed by your specie's prescence, why does your kind keep on coming here? after all i told, each little insignificant being that entered my chamber, you
still come back. you look... different, from the rest. you're significantly injured on various places of your mutilated body. i believe i know what you want, you want a way to escape from your appearance. go east, past
the fallen structures of a old friend, there you will find what you are searching for. now get out, im getting fed up with your and your species prescence. if you find any of your little friend's along the way, whatever 
communication you prefer to use, tell them to never come back, and go far away from here and my work."

Dreams:
Dream 1 - (cycle 4)
It shows Javus as a slugpup, looking lost. with slight marks of where tear's lied on his cheeks.
Dream 2 - (cycle 12)
It shows scavengers finding Javus, looking confused
Dream 3 - (cycle 18)
It shows the scavengers holding Javus, bringing him with them somewhere.
Dream 4 - (cycle 25)
It shows scavengers showing Javus to a lead elite scavenger, with the elite scavenger looking interested.

The Ending if He was in a mod:
(cant draw so imma just describe it into words) he enters a pipe, and sees a slugcat, and he notices it has wounds similar to him, he follows and goes into the pipe the slugcat entered, a cutscene happens, where it shows a handful of slugcats
 (all with similar wounds in appearance)huddled around a torch inside a abandoned shelter.
one walks up to javus, curious in him. he try's to lift up his mask but javus pushes him away in fear, the slugcats all look at him and turn their heads until he gains the courage after slight shaking and lifts up his mask,
 showing his true face, the slugcats look at eachother and look relieved. and
they all walk up to him to greet him, ending the cutscene there.

appearance:

- large burn mark on side of his face, arm and tail
- wears a vulture mask engraved with a symbol that symbolizes "spiritual rebirth" (ask watcher if forget)
- has some fur
- darkish blue fur, with red highlights

